# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

# Donation-Campaign README

## Table of Contents

- ### Introduction
- ### Project Features
  - #### Content of the Project:
  - #### API:
  - #### Image hosting:
  - #### Tailwind as CSS:
  - #### Daisyui as CSS Framework:
  - #### User Interaction:
    - #### Home page:
    - #### Donation page:
    - #### Statistics page:

## Introduction:

Welcome to my “Donation-Campaign” project!
This README provides an overview of some major features of this project, in addition to that discusses how state is used here.

## Features

### Projects Features

- #### Content of the Project:

  The project is about building a webpage using react.js to donate on a diverse range of campaigns, namely, Health, Education, Food, Clothing. Each card possess an img tag, the Category title in a h3 tag, and category.

- #### API:

  The JSON data in the project represents an array of course related objects.
  There are 8 specified properties, namely:

  - “id”

  - “Picture”

  - “Title”

  - “Category”

  - “Color for category_bg”

  - “Color for card_bg”

  - “Color for text and button background”

  - “Description”

  - “Price”

  It includes 12 data giving each card a unique sets of id.

- #### Image hosting:

  There are 12 images which are hosted in https://imgbb.com/ website. The URL generated by this website is added in to the JSON data.

- #### Tailwind as CSS:

  The CSS framework that’s been used in this project is Tailwind and Daisyui.

- #### User Interaction:

#### Home page:

There are 12 cards. 4 cards in a row.

Each card has 3 different colors:

- Background Color for card,
- Background Color for category and
- Color for title and category text. The color of the text of the
  category and the title will be the same.

#### Donation page:

The Users can select the category they want to donate in by simply clicking the card and description of the card will be shown. When the user want to donate in a particular category, one will click in the donate button. The Donation details
page will have the following:

- Picture
- Title
- Description
- Donate

On clicking the Donate Button, a sweet alert will appear
informing the user with a meaningful message.

The Donation Page will show all the donations users have made.
Each row will have 2 cards. Each card will have the following:

- Picture
- Category
- Title
- Price
- View Details button

The See All button on the Donation page will appear when the Donation cards
are more than 4. On clicking the See All button the remaining data will be
shown and the See All button will be hidden.

#### Statistic page:

A statistics page where user will see a
pie chart. The pie chart will be on user donations against the
total donations. Calculating the percentage and it will be shown on the pie chart.

## Conclusion

This README file just give an overall feature of the Github project.
